OK
Now that you've made your decision
Then I respect and bless your choice.
Xianglang
I didn't expect you to have such close personal contact with Siying
Then you should have been in Mrs. Lu's position
Master, guess who I just saw outside
I don't know.
It's Jiangnan. He's with Siyang
It's so sweet when the two of them talk and laugh
Who are you talking about Jiangnan and Siyang?
I have a photo as proof.
I didn't wrong him.
Chi, you and Gangnam
It must be a real divorce
Otherwise, he wouldn't have gone to Si Yao
They can't have done something before, can they?
If that's the case
Then this mute is awesome
Hey, Chi, where are you going?
Where did you go? I went out for a walk. I went for a walk.
With who?
Xiaobai
What I told you
You can't remember a sentence, can you?
Jiangnan
Not divorced yet
You can't wait to find a home
Siyang is nice to you, right?
They are making up for it now. It is difficult for us to cross the river and protect ourselves
Can he support you?
I really miss him sometimes
When to get a divorce certificate?
divorce
divorce divorce
You know about divorce today, right?
Now I know you can't keep your word
I cooperate again and again